and david numbered the people who were
with him and set captains of thousands
and captains of hundreds over them then
david sent out 1/3 of the people under
the hand of joy 1/3 under the hand of
Abishai
the son of szura iya jo abs brother and
1/3 under the hand of ETA the gibbet I
also will surely go out with you myself
but the people answered you shall not go
out for if we flee away they will not
care about us nor if half of us die will
they care about us but you are worth ten
thousand of us now for you are now more
help to us in the city whatever seems
best to you I will do so the King stood
beside the gate and all the people went
out by hundreds and by thousands our
King had commanded Joab Abishai and
ittai I deal gently for my sake with the
young man Absalom and all the people
heard when the king gave all the
captain's orders concerning Absalom so
the people went out into the field of
battle against Israel and the battle was
in the woods of ether people of Israel
were overthrown there before the
servants of David
and a great slaughter of 20,000 and took
place there that day for the battle
there was scattered over the face of the
whole countryside and the woods devoured
more people that day than the sword
devoured them
Absalom met the servants of David
Absalom
rode on a mule the mule went under the
thick boughs of a great terebinth tree
and his head caught in the cherubim so
he was left hanging between heaven and
earth and the mule which was under him
went armed now a certain man saw it and
told joy I just saw Absalom hanging in a
terebinth tree you just saw him and why
did you not strike him there to the
ground I would have given you ten
shekels of silver and a belt though I
were to receive a thousand shekels of
silver in my hand I would not raise my
hand against the king's son for in our
hearing the king commanded you and
Abishai and ittai I saying beware lest
anyone touched the young man Absalom
otherwise I would have dealt falsely
against my own life for there is nothing
hidden from the king and you yourself
would have set yourself against me I
cannot linger with you and he took three
Spears in his hand thrust them through
Absalom's heart
while he was still alive in the midst of
the terror industry and ten young men
who bore Joab Zama
surrounded Absalom and struck so Joab
blew the trumpet and the people returned
from pursuing Israel for Joe I have held
back the people and they took Absalom
and cast him into a large pit in the
would have made a very large heap of
stones over him
then all Israel fled everyone to his
tent now Absalom in his lifetime had
taken and set up a pillar for himself
which is in the Kings Valley for he said
I have no son to keep my name in
remembrance he called the pillar after
his own name and to this day it is
called Absalom's monument then him as
the son of Zadok said let me run now and
take the news to the king how the Lord
has avenged him of his enemies and Joab
said to him you shall not take the news
this day for you shall take the news
another day but today you shall take no
news
because the king's son is dead then
Jared said to the queue shite go tell
the King what you have seen so the queue
Shrike bowed himself to Joab and ran and
a Hema has the son of Zadok said again
to Joab but whatever happens please let
me also run after the queue Scheider why
will you run my son since you have no
news ready but whatever happens let me
run run then a Hamas ran by way of the
plane and outran the Kyushu now david
was sitting between the two gates and
the watchman went up to the roof over
the gate to the wall lifted his eyes and
looked and there was a man running alone
then the watchman cried out and told the
king and the king said if he is alone
there is news in his mouth and he came
rapidly and drew near then the watchman
saw another man running and the watchman
called to the gatekeeper and said there
is another man running alone he also
brings news
I think the running of the first is like
the running of a him--as as the son of
Zadok he is a good man and comes with
good news so a henna has called out and
said to the king all is well and he
bowed down with his face to the earth
before the king blessed be the Lord your
God who has delivered up the men who
raised their hand against my lord the
king is the young man Absalom safe
when Joab sent the Kings servant and me
your servant I saw a great tumult but I
did not know what it was about turn
aside and stand here so he turned aside
and stood still
just then the queue shy came there is
good news my lord the king for the Lord
has avenged you this day of all those
who rose against you is the young man
Absalom safe may the enemies of my lord
the king and all who rise against you to
do harm be like that young man then the
king was deeply moved and went after the
chamber over the gate and wept and as he
went he said thus o my son Absalom my
son my son Absalom if only I had died in
your place o Absalom my son my son
[Music]